You better have something real.
Report to the city lord for forgiveness
Chen Zhanwang sent a letter
He's going into censorship.
Make you stop
Sure enough, it is the handwritten letter of King Chen Zhang
It seems that this tall old man
He left his daughter a legacy of contacts
City Lord
My father would never betray his country
I believe there must be some misunderstanding.
Just by the words of a prisoner
A delusional traitor who catches the wind and catches the eye
City Lord Song, you are too arbitrary
kid
Are you still questioning me?
Right
I'm just questioning your motives for beheading Gao Xiaoyun
Boy, that's the second time you've contradicted me today
If a sword cuts your head off
It's too cheap for you.
Yuanbao City Lord
I went to the parking lot a day ago
Saw this kid holding a ninja weapon
He must be from Dongying
Well, the details of the battle report
The god of ninjas and Cao Lin's colleague Gao Xiaoyun
And you have ninjas as bodyguards
What else is there to say?
Hahaha
I have already clarified the parking lot
Don't drag dirty water with this kind of thing
Put the torture device on him
Before Zhanwang Chen arrived, let him blame the flower demon
Ah boss
You resist law enforcement
Did you invade?
Boy, you have to dare to continue disobeying the law
Your mistress is going to die
The boy does not enjoy the pain of ten fingers to heart
Just admit that your master is collaborating with the enemy and treason
Ren Shenhua wants to ask for his life
Oops, give him 150 kilograms of force first
Fill it up for me.
Ha ha.